= continuous_integration with rstakeout  - demo

Based on a very inspiring Peepcode lesson on Cucumber by @topfunky
This is a simple demo on how local continuous integration can be made with rstakeout. 
This leaves to other tools as Hudson the job to make a continuous_integration on merges in remote.
A template will follow soon.

== Installation
  
  Just clone the repository:
  git clone git://github.com/enzor/continuous_integration.git
  
== How it works

  Just run one of the options below , depending on which kind of testing you want to run.
  rstakeout will watch all files under the testing folder and will run everytime you save one of these files.
  This means that every time you add a new file, you have to kill and restart the process.
  
== Start CI

  script/rstakeout rake -> if you want to do CI while testing unit testing or model testing
  
  script/cucumber-stakeout -> if you want to do CI with cucumber
    
    cucumber-stakeout also take any other option you would normally pass to cucumber, such tags and profiles.
  
  
  
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Vincenzo Rivello. See LICENSE for details.



